PA-12031 Add missing docs CSA, SCA, SBOM (#12)
soos-io/kb-docs: CSA/GitHubActions.md

# How to Integrate SOOS CSA with your Github Action
<div>
<img src="../assets/img/SOOS-Icon.png" alt="SOOS" width="128" height="128">
<img src="../assets/img/github-action.png" alt="Github Action" width="128" height="128">
</div>

> In this article we will make the necessary modifications to a GitHub Workflow using the SOOS CSA Analysis GitHub Action to scan a GitHub repository with SOOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article we will add the SOOS Container Security Analysis (CSA) GitHub Action to a GitHub Workflow and scan a GitHub repository.
```

## Prerequisites
- You need to have a [SOOS account.](https://app.soos.io/register)
- You need to have a GitHub repo.

## Steps

### **Repo Setup**

Create a `.github/workflows` directory in your repository on GitHub if this directory does not already exist.

In the .github/workflows directory, create a file named main.yml.

Paste the following code:

``` yaml
on: [push]
 
jobs:

>   soos_csa_analysis_example:
>     name: SOOS CSA Analysis Example
>     runs-on: ubuntu-latest
>     steps:
>       - name: Run SOOS CSA Analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  soos_csa_analysis_example:
    name: SOOS Container Security Analysis (CSA) Example
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Run SOOS CSA Analysis
```

>         uses: soos-io/soos-csa-github-action@vX.Y.Z # GET Latest Version from https://github.com/marketplace/actions/soos-csa

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        uses: soos-io/soos-csa-github-action@v2 # GET Latest Version from https://github.com/marketplace/actions/soos-csa
```
(we should do the movable major version with CSA)

        with:
          client_id: ${{ secrets.SOOS_CLIENT_ID }}
          api_key: ${{ secrets.SOOS_API_KEY }}
          project_name: "<YOUR-PROJECT-NAME>"
      	  target_image: "image:tag"
```

### **Build Setup**

Setup Environment Variables

> Under your Repository's Settings tab, select "Secrets" > "Actions" and add two new secrets which contain the SOOS Client Id and API Key which you can find in the SOOS App under [Integrate](https://app.soos.io/integrate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under your Repository's Settings tab, select "Secrets" > "Actions" and add two new secrets which contain the SOOS Client Id and API Key which you can find in the SOOS App under [Integrate](https://app.soos.io/integrate/containers)
```

The secret names should be "SOOS_CLIENT_ID" and "SOOS_API_KEY"

<img src="../assets/img/github-action-envs.png">

### **Run It**

To run the SOOS CSA Analysis against your repository’s code, just execute a build or commit a change. The build will use the environment variables that you created for the API Key and Client ID.

## **Configure GitHub Code Scan Output**

If you are using GitHub Enterprise or your repository is public, you can configure the SOOS Action to display any issues in GitHub Code Scanning Alerts. There are a few additional steps to get this configured.

### **Example worfklow setup for SARIF Upload**

``` yaml
on: [push]
 
jobs:
  soos_csa_analysis_example:

>     name: SOOS CSA Analysis Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    name: SOOS Container Security Analysis (CSA) Example
```

    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Run SOOS CSA Analysis

>         uses: soos-io/soos-csa-github-action@vX.Y.Z # GET Latest Version from https://github.com/marketplace/actions/soos-csa

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        uses: soos-io/soos-csa-github-action@v2 # GET Latest Version from https://github.com/marketplace/actions/soos-csa
```

        with:
          client_id: ${{ secrets.SOOS_CLIENT_ID }}
          api_key: ${{ secrets.SOOS_API_KEY }}
          project_name: "<YOUR-PROJECT-NAME>"
      	  target_image: "image:tag"
          output_format: "sarif"

>       - name: Upload SOOS CSA Report # 3rd party action to upload sarif results to your github repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - name: Upload SOOS CSA Report # 3rd party action to upload Sarif results to your github repo
```
